clarify CompiledSubAgent type (#2250)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/subagents.mdx

## Using CompiledSubAgent

For more complex use cases, you can provide your custom subagents.

> Subagents **must** be created with either `create_agent` or with a custom LangGraph graph built with the [Graph API](/oss/langgraph/graph-api).

Author: ```suggestion
For more complex use cases, you can provide your custom subagents.
You can create a custom subagent using LangChain's `create_agent` or by making a custom LangGraph graph using the [graph API](https://github.com/langchain-ai/docs/pull/).

If you're creating a custom LangGraph graph, make sure that the graph has a [state key called `"messages"`](/oss/langgraph/quickstart#2-define-state):
```
